README.md, before:

Informational
=============
Authors: Bryan Gabe, Daniel Tujo, Joel Feddes, Alex Rodriguez, Ryan Corrigan, Matthew Beaulieu
Last Updated: 12/13/2021  
Project: Scrum-Stars
Course: Software Engineering (CPSC470-1) with Prof. Eric Pogue

Originality
===========
Nearly all of the code in this project is our own, but their is help with authentication by:
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBvmnHTQIPY&list=WL&index=22

Sources
=======
This web-app is currently hosted on Azure at https://scrum-stars-sourpatch-engineers.azurewebsites.net/ 
The source code is available at https://github.com/Sourpatch-Engineers2/Scrum-Stars

Build / Execute / Dependency
============================
Required files
--------------
Everything in the GitHub repository

Build Instructions
------------------
To prepare to run the react-app locally:
1. install the required packages with `npm i [package list]`:
* Package-List: `connect-mongo dotenv express express-handlebars express-sessions mongoose passport passport-google-oauth20 alert`
2. Open a terminal, navigate to the directory containing `package.json`, and run `node index.js`

Execution Instructions
----------------------
1. Open a terminal, navigate to the directory containing `package.json`, and run `node index.js`
2. Open a browser and navigate to `localhost:3000`

Commit message:

Updated comments and readme for future use

README.md, after:

Informational
=============
Authors: Bryan Gabe, Daniel Tujo, Joel Feddes, Alex Rodriguez, Ryan Corrigan, Matthew Beaulieu
Last Updated: 12/14/2021  
Project: Scrum-Stars
Course: Software Engineering (CPSC470-1) with Prof. Eric Pogue

Originality
===========
Nearly all of the code in this project is our own, but their is help with authentication by:
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBvmnHTQIPY&list=WL&index=22

Sources
=======
This web-app is currently hosted on Azure at https://scrum-stars-sourpatch-engineers.azurewebsites.net/ 
The source code is available at https://github.com/Sourpatch-Engineers2/Scrum-Stars

Build / Execute / Dependency
============================
Required files
--------------
Everything in the GitHub repository

Build Instructions
------------------
To prepare to run the react-app locally:
1. install the required packages with `npm i [package list]`:
* Package-List: `connect-mongo dotenv express express-handlebars express-sessions mongoose passport passport-google-oauth20 alert`
2. Open a terminal, navigate to the directory containing `package.json`, and run `node index.js`

Execution Instructions
----------------------
1. Open a terminal, navigate to the directory containing `package.json`, and run `node index.js`
2. Open a browser and navigate to `localhost:3000`

Future Use
----------------------
1. The database information under `config/config.env` will need to be updated to your own database
2. The Google authentication keys will also need to be updated under `config/config.env` to your own keys
